Get your shot! As of June 2021, WHO has approved of the following COVID-19 vaccines: AstraZeneca/Oxford vaccine, Johnson and Johnson, Moderna, Pfizer/BionTech, Sinopharm, and Sinovac.
Social distance! Stay at least 2 metres away from others, even if they do not appear to be sick.
Make sure to wear a mask when social distancing is not possible, as well as in poorly ventilated areas.
Choose open, well-ventilated spaces over closed ones. Open a window if the weather is nice!
Wash your hands regularly with soap and water or clean them with alcohol-based hand rub.
Cover your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing.
If you feel unwell, stay home and self-isolate until you recover.
Asymptomatic covid cases exist; stay vigilant!
It is safer to frequently clean your hands and not wear gloves. Wearing gloves risks transferring germs from one surface to another and contaminating your hands when removing them.
An alcohol-based handrub is listed as a WHO essential medicine!
How to properly saniitize your hands:\n1. Apply a palmful of alcohol-based sanitizer to cover all surfaces of your hands.\n2. Rub your hands together using the right technique until they are dry.\nThe entire procedure should last 20-30 seconds.
Water or swimming does not transmit the COVID-19 virus.
The likelihood of shoes spreading COVID-19 is very low.
Clean your hands before you put your mask on, before and after you take it off, and after you touch it at any time.
Make sure your mask covers both your nose, mouth and chin!
When you take off a mask, store it in a clean plastic bag, and every day either wash it if it is a fabric mask, or trash it if it is a fabric mask.
Don not use masks with valves!
The most common covid symptoms are fever, cough, tiredness, and loss of taste or smell. If you have any of these, self-isolate!
Do your research before you travel! Follow travel advisories issued by both the country of origin and of destination and take note of your health.
Take care of your pets! COVID-19 can spread from people to animals in some situations, especially during close contact.








